Uncle wipes his nose
Don't worry, no money will be charged this time.
After all, you are my mother's boss
Your son is quite good at flattering his boss
How can Mr. Gu be flattering his boss?
This is my mother and son's sincerity towards you
Mr. Gu, it's time for a meeting
Mommy, I like him.
I think he looks a lot like the dad I've never met
Good son, you don't like him
Do you like money?
I'll help you. No need.
I can do it myself
Gu Shan
You're not alone now.
You have to get used to people
Take care of you
Just take good care of the child
How is the stone?
Is he still used to it today?
Very good da da da da da I will kill you
Da da da da I will kill you
I will kill you
Da da da da da I will kill you